Used up to make science and some select things.
Need food, water, and energy to rest
Need food, water, and energy to make children.
Produce sewage. Treating sewage gives fertilizer
Fertilizer can be used to increase farm yield.
Wood farming, to supply wood for housing and paper.
Children need food, water, and energy to grow up
Food is "premade meals" with a variety of recipes to make it. Packaging must be made and dealt with. Paper, Plastic, Aluminum, Iron.
People stack up to 4.
Pollution causes houses to work slower, like homeworld farms.
Food made from a greater variety of ingredients increases rest speed.
Houses come in various sizes. Single-Family are the least space efficient, but do rest slightly faster. Apartment towers rest many people,
but do so slightly slower.
*Farms are furnaces, which means each food type needs a unique entity.
*Improved recipes to get more science per person
*Providing "entertainment" makes "rest" go faster.
*Population gets tired over time, even if they're not working?
*Vertical Farming to be more space-efficient, but does require input resources. Also divorces food production from land quality

TODO
Heating:
Halve crafting speed on housing
Heat beacon that needs 15c to run, gives +25% crafting speed
Heat beacon that needs 20c to run, gives +75% crafting speed
Heat beacon that needs 25c to run, gives -100% crafting speed
Heat beacon that needs 30c to run, gives -200% crafting speed
Steam Heat Exchanger. Uses steam, outputs heat. 24c
Electric Heater. Uses electricity, outputs heat. 24c
Burner Heater. Uses fuel, outputs heat. 24c
Fluid Burner Heater. Uses fluid fuel, outputs heat. 24c

Some way to communicate what is in housing effect range (Floating text on place?)
Some way to communicate housing effect range

Repair Packs use people to make


Farms need input pipes in the correct spots

Higher density housing can have more meh tiles before caring

Housing doesn't care about lower density housing

Housing no longer counts itself as meh

Entertainment
Quiet Rails?
Recipe-based construction of housing structures?
Setting for requiring people in specific machines:
	Mining Drones require people to make
	Transport Drones require people to make
	Trains require people to make
Separate people from science by using some sort of "work" item, so that science stuff can use productivity? Unlock better work recipes?
Include a backup checker for entities that are removed from global
True garbage
Increase value search radius on bigger house
See how much making people move on their own would cost (Probably best to just have a table of source and destination entities for each network, periodically updated)

Fix module update for farms and housing
Maybe farms should require different materials? Farms need to be assemblers, so this might not be relevant at all.

Global happiness value that influences housing speed?:
	Entertainment somehow? Influences global happiness?
	Overcrowding. Each housing structure has an amount of people it can house. If you have more people than space, happiness is lower
	
Alternate structural recipes:
	Swap out wood for hemp fiber and steel.
	Swap out wood for stone bricks/hempcrete
	Swap out steel for titanium
	Swap out concrete for hempcrete
Alternate Electrical recipes:
	
Alternate Mechanical recipes:
	Maybe switch to furnaces?
	Alternate pipe recipes seems obvious
Building to make fertile ground
Alternate Food packaging recipes: Glass, Aluminum
Fruit used to make fruit juice?
Vertical Farming? Hydroponics?
Localisation, if gameplay turns out good.
Art, if gameplay good:
Buildings:
	Single-Family House
	Multi-Family House
	Low Rise
	Apartment Tower
	Arcology Tower
	Sewage Treatment Plant
Items:
	Person
	Tired Person
	Child
	Basic Structural
	Steel Structural
	Concrete Structural
	Skyscraper Structural
	Basic Electrical
	Advanced Electrical
	Basic Mechanical
	Advanced Mechanical
	Skyscraper Mechanical
	Hemp Seed
	Hemp Fiber
	Plant Oil
	Animal Feed
	Hemp
	Nuts
	Grain
	Meat
	Fruit
	Vegetables
	Farm for each: Maybe just a generic farm, then I can layer the crop it makes onto it?
		Hemp
		Nuts
		Grain
		Meat
		Fruit
		Vegetables
	Fishery
	Paper
	Food
	Plastic Food
	Copper Food
	Paper Food
	Sewage
	Garbage
	Fertilizer
	Plastic Recycling
	Copper Recycling
	Paper Recycling


DESIGN IDEA

The core loop added by the mod is using People to make science, then resting them so they can do it again.

Resting people requires housing, food, water, and waste management. How you accomplish these is open-ended, allowing multiple solutions.

Housing is better in better areas. Grassy areas, healthy trees, and water improve the work speed of housing. Other buildings are acceptable, to a point.

Food needs to be grown, prepared, and packaged. It also has other uses.

Water needs to be purified before use.

Waste produced includes solid garbage and recycling, as well as sewage. Better tech gives you more options for handling these, that are more efficient resource-wise.

You can make more people by making children, then caring for them so they grow up.




Trip generation dependency between multiple centers, to give reason to build and use efficient rail networks.

Over time, you devote more resources to people, either through a sort of Happiness mechanic where they demand better living conditions over time,
or as part of a general "use more resources to be more population efficient".

Using low density housing would require significant infrastructure and ongoing resource investment to make work, but would be rewarded
with needing less population to do the same work